README.md, before:

#ui-highcharts

ui-highcharts provides you simple and declarative approach to create [Highcharts](http://www.highcharts.com/) based charts with bunch of AngularJS directives.

ui-highcharts allows you to transform such html
```html
<ui-chart series="data" options="options" title="Tokyo climate">
  <y-axis title="Temperature">
    <labels>
      <span>{{ value }}&deg;C</span>
    </labels>
  </y-axis>
  <y-axis opposite title="Rainfall">
    <labels>
      <span>{{ value }} mm</span>
    </labels>
  </y-axis>
  <tooltip use-html>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Rainfall'">{{ x }}: {{ y }} mm</span>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Temperature'">{{ x }}: {{ y }}&deg;C</span>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Sunshine'"><b>{{ point.name }}</b> {{ y }}</span>
  </tooltip>
</ui-chart>
```
into such chart 
![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/master/samples/demo/demo.png)

[Online demo](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/demo)

##Usage

Add `ui-highcharts` to dependencies of you module and some series to your controller.

```javascript
angular.module('myApp', ['ui-highcharts']).controller('ctrl', function ($scope) {
    $scope.data = [{
        name: 'percent values',
        data: [1.34, 22.3, 4.4, 8.55, 16.1, 3.2, 6.4]
    }];
});
```

Add one of ui-highcharts directives to your html under the defined controller

```html
<ui-chart series="data" title="Simple Chart" subtitle="with percent values">
    <tooltip>
        <span>value is {{ point.y | number:0 }}%</span>
    </tooltip>
</ui-chart>
```

[Online demo](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/get-started)

## Requirements

- JQuery
- Highcharts/HighStock/HighMaps
- AngularJS

## Features

### Directives
ui-highcharts provides 3 directives.

| HTML tag      | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ------------- |---------| ----------------------|
| `<ui-chart>`  | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart) | [Highcharts Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/demo) |
| `<ui-stock-chart>` | | [Highstock Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/stock/demo) |
| `<ui-map` |  | [Highmaps Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/maps/demo) |

### Attributes
Highcharts features provided through set of attributes that available in each directive.

#### Attributes with binded scope property. 

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `options`             | Highcharts options object.<br>Note that many of its properties are available through their own attributes and series must be defined only through the `series` attribute           | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/legend-events)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts) |
| `series`              | Highcharts series array. The only required attribute. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/get-started)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#series) |

#### Simple string attributes. 

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `type`                | The default series type for the chart. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/bar-chart)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#chart.type) |
| `title`               | The title of the chart. If this option is not specified title will be empty string. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#title.text) |
| `subtitle`            | The subtitle of the chart. If this option is not specified subtitle will be empty string. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart)                | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#subtitle.text) |

#### Events attributes. 

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `point-click`         | Point click event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.click) |
| `point-select`        | Point select event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.select) |
| `point-unselect`      | Point unselect event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.unselect) |
| `point-mouseout`      | Point mouseout event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.mouseOut) |
| `point-mouseover`     | Point mouseover event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.mouseOver) |

Commit message:

Reference to highcharts object and initalization of highcharts in a seperated factory
Its good that you will be given the option to get a reference to the
highcharts object in your parent scope. That can now be done by using
the chart="myChartRef" attribute.

Also created a new factory that handels the initialization of the
highcharts object and adds the reference to the highcharts object in the
parent scope given that it

a) Doesnt previously exists, if so an error is thrown.
b) The attrbitute chart exists in the directive declaration.

README.md, after:

#ui-highcharts

ui-highcharts provides you simple and declarative approach to create [Highcharts](http://www.highcharts.com/) based charts with bunch of AngularJS directives.

ui-highcharts allows you to transform such html
```html
<ui-chart series="data" options="options" title="Tokyo climate">
  <y-axis title="Temperature">
    <labels>
      <span>{{ value }}&deg;C</span>
    </labels>
  </y-axis>
  <y-axis opposite title="Rainfall">
    <labels>
      <span>{{ value }} mm</span>
    </labels>
  </y-axis>
  <tooltip use-html>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Rainfall'">{{ x }}: {{ y }} mm</span>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Temperature'">{{ x }}: {{ y }}&deg;C</span>
    <span ng-show="series.name == 'Sunshine'"><b>{{ point.name }}</b> {{ y }}</span>
  </tooltip>
</ui-chart>
```
into such chart
![alt tag](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/master/samples/demo/demo.png)

[Online demo](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/demo)

##Usage

Add `ui-highcharts` to dependencies of you module and some series to your controller.

```javascript
angular.module('myApp', ['ui-highcharts']).controller('ctrl', function ($scope) {
    $scope.data = [{
        name: 'percent values',
        data: [1.34, 22.3, 4.4, 8.55, 16.1, 3.2, 6.4]
    }];
});
```

Add one of ui-highcharts directives to your html under the defined controller

```html
<ui-chart series="data" title="Simple Chart" subtitle="with percent values">
    <tooltip>
        <span>value is {{ point.y | number:0 }}%</span>
    </tooltip>
</ui-chart>
```

[Online demo](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/get-started)

## Requirements

- JQuery
- Highcharts/HighStock/HighMaps
- AngularJS

## Features

### Directives
ui-highcharts provides 3 directives.

| HTML tag      | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ------------- |---------| ----------------------|
| `<ui-chart>`  | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart) | [Highcharts Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/demo) |
| `<ui-stock-chart>` | | [Highstock Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/stock/demo) |
| `<ui-map` |  | [Highmaps Demo](http://www.highcharts.com/maps/demo) |

### Attributes
Highcharts features provided through set of attributes that available in each directive.

#### Attributes with binded scope property.

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `options`             | Highcharts options object.<br>Note that many of its properties are available through their own attributes and series must be defined only through the `series` attribute           | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/legend-events)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts) |
| `series`              | Highcharts series array. The only required attribute. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/get-started)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#series) |
| `chart`              | A reference to the highchart object that will be added to the parent scope | none   | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highstock#Chart) |

#### Simple string attributes.

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `type`                | The default series type for the chart. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/bar-chart)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#chart.type) |
| `title`               | The title of the chart. If this option is not specified title will be empty string. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart)    | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#title.text) |
| `subtitle`            | The subtitle of the chart. If this option is not specified subtitle will be empty string. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/simple-chart)                | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#subtitle.text) |

#### Events attributes.

| Attribute             | Description | Example | Highcharts equivalent |
| ----------------------|-------------|---------|-----------------------|
| `point-click`         | Point click event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.click) |
| `point-select`        | Point select event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.select) |
| `point-unselect`      | Point unselect event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.unselect) |
| `point-mouseout`      | Point mouseout event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.mouseOut) |
| `point-mouseover`     | Point mouseover event. Passes `point` object. | [jsfiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/gevgeny/ui-highcharts/tree/master/samples/point-events) | [Highcharts API ref](http://api.highcharts.com/highcharts#plotOptions.series.point.events.mouseOver) |
